this could have been avoided if you
hadn't played with something you don't
understand I'm sorry
it is funny it's good that you don't get
why we need Tony maybe this might not be
the time really that's it you just roll
over show your belly every time somebody
snarls only when I've created a murder
bot we didn't we weren't even close were
we close to an interface well you did
something right and you did it right
here The Avengers were supposed to be
different than she anybody remember when
I carried a nuke through a wormhole
no never come on save New York never
heard that recall that a hostile alien
army came charging through a hole in
space
we're staying the 300 feet below it
worthy Avengers we can bust arms dealers
all the live long day but that up there
that's that's the endgame
how are you guys planning on beating
them together